# Overview
The link is https://rohitk2.github.io/CS498_DV_Final_Project-2018/.
This visualization follows a interactive slideshow format. It is a visualization about the UIUC NCAA Basketball Slideshow and shows off my tableau. I used a hard-coded dataset, extracted from the Big Ten Basketball page. The slideshow begins with an overview slide and the next slide is a slide shows the Big Ten ranking and shows in bold how Illinois ranked. Follow these slides are two more slides that follow the same format.
Bar Graph Slides & Interactivity
There are two slides following the ranking and overview slide, one for points scored in a game and other is for points points given up. These two slides follow a bar graph structure. The bar graph shows all the 14 Big Ten and each gives them a bar to show how well they did in the metric. The points scored go in descending order and points given up go in ascending order from right to left on the screen, so we can better visualize the ranking. I also included a tooltip that if you hover over the bars it gives you the actual numeric statistic of that specific team for that specific metric.
To go from one slide to the other, I put a "next" and "last" hyperlink above. Each slide is a different page, but they are linked. On the overview slide I additionally created an "about" hyperlink to navigate you to an about page that tells you about the visualizations. It was part of the requirements for the project itself. The About page has a "back to slide" hyperlink.# Overview
